Over the past four weeks, Nobel Prize winners from different countries depicted stories of themselves through multiple themes. Even though their narratives and speeches may concentrate on different aspects of the world with their own unique interpretation, they shared common themes. The three common themes throughout the readings of the past four weeks are isolation, cognition, and non-interventionism.
Lack of necessary attention and affection often drives people into isolation. The readings from weeks 1 to 4 have a common trope where the characters become desensitized to life and eventually push themselves into a lonely box... The concept of isolation is most noticeable in Tokarczuk’s story, “Professor Andrews Goes to Warsaw.” Missing the only people who were able to speak the professor’s language, Professor Andrews had no choice but to fend for himself in the foreign lands. The professor’s isolation represented his lack of ability to interact with the Polish natives to carry through his journey in Poland. In the readings of weeks 1 and 2, Gluck and Handke’s poems effectively illustrate their loneliness but in different ways. The speaker in Gluck’s poems constantly yearns for affection and to be recognized, but fails to reach out due to the trauma of past experiences. The speaker in Handke’s poem reacts apathetically to dangerous objects and remains still as if fate is the one controlling the speaker and not the other way around. According to Smith, new norms and social identities rise when people are motivated to communicate and share their ideas with their community. Therefore, if the characters were to remain in isolation, then their worlds would remain unchanged.

The story from Japan talks about filial piety (respecting your elders) but that has a lot to do with Japan’s social views. Poland wrote about the power of socialization and decent human kindness which is reflected in the Polish government and how it’s focused on helping every human life. Australia wrote about the fragility of life and how we are always one step away from death but this is common in Australia due to the very unique and dangerous wildlife. America’s sample talks about the similarities between nature and human life which is surprising to me because I don’t hold America in a very positive light due to all of the pollution and deaths we’ve caused but maybe I only think that because I was born in America. I can’t really see my own country through an outsider’s eyes. Despite these author’s different views, all of these stories share a common theme- human life is unique, warm, and kind at its basics. Maybe if humans contacted aliens, they’d have a completely different way of perceiving their own lives. Similar to how other languages have words that don’t really translate into other languages, aliens may have words we don’t even have meanings for. One’s perception of how the world should work and how people should interact with each other is directly affected and changed by one’s birthplace or hometown. For example, if you grew up in a dangerous area you may think the world is unsafe and mean but if you grew up with everything handed to you on a silver platter you may think you’re an awesome person and everyone loves you when really everyone around you hates you.

Nothing can I forget if nothing I remember.
People are living in the same but different world as we do. We choicely ignore the presentation of them, avoid mentioning them, ingeniously change the subject to evade any communications about them to keep out the brittle and beautiful atmosphere. When a standard mid-class American is driving through a viaduct, complaining about the oil price and traffic jam, someone is dying, not a starving African child, but a homeless person under the viaduct in the shadow of the city. Not only foreigners we are ignoring, but also people who step away from us. Like a phonograph, parts we have are parts we want; the remains go with the wind. Were they killed by a dagger called poverty? Yes, and the hand called disregard was waving it. Besides the reason for the high living cost, reasons of homeless people are on the rim are the “myths and stereotypes” about those “‘invisible’ population” and the “very limited resources” which are “unresponsive to their needs.” Year by year, isolationism is no longer only a national strategy. Instead, it becomes something in bone, an eternal arrogance. The intemperate evaluation class and the pathological tutelage over the vacuous bubble may result in the exhausting life and the deprivation of interpersonal relationships using class and wealth as “the one unambiguous criterion of success” or a “sovereign American value.” Also, non-intervention is only to a bystander. When calamity knocks on the front door, standing aside is not a valid option to its victim. In such an environment, what chance do victims have of people standing out to practice a “complex and risky behavior that requires both personal skills and self-confidence?” 
All that remains is the hollow vanity of a weathered coin-operated phonograph.

Overall, fear of the unknown and unfamiliar is always a part of life, and it is common to overreact or be sensitive under the fear. However, fear is not a reason to always shirk from crises. No one can escape from impending manifests, and blindly cringing will only result in the stacks of issues falling from higher.
They complied with nothing in their bid but understanding. They simply did so.
